Remove obsolete CLAPI params (#2399)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.10/api/clapi.md

| 1      | Parameter key of the I/O   |
| 2      | Parameter value of the I/O |

> #### Addinputa and Addoutput

Author: ```suggestion
#### Addinput and Addoutput
```

In order to add a new I/O object, use one of the following commands:

* **ADDINPUT**
* **ADDOUTPUT**

Example:

``` shell

> centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -v "broker cfg for poller test;/var/log/centreon-broker/central-module.log;file"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -a addoutput -v "broker cfg for poller test;MyFileOutput;file"
```

```

``` shell

> centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -v "broker cfg for poller test"
> id;name
> 1;/var/log/centreon-broker/central-module.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -a listoutput -v "broker cfg for poller test"
id;name
1;Storage
2;RRD
3;PerfData
4:MyFileOutput
```

| 2     | Name of the I/O object      |
| 3     | Nature of I/O object        |

#### Delinput and Deloutput

In order to remove an I/O object from the Centreon Broker configuration, use one of the following commands:

* **DELINPUT**
* **DELOUTPUT**

Example:

``` shell

> centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -v "broker cfg for poller test;1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -a deloutput -v "broker cfg for poller test;4"
```

```

The I/O ID is used for identifying the object to delete.

#### Setintput and Setoutput

In order to set parameters of an I/O object, use one of the following commands:

* **SETINPUT**
* **SETOUTPUT**

Example:

``` shell

> centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -v "broker cfg for poller test;1;debug;no"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
centreon -u admin -p 'centreon' -o CENTBROKERCFG -a setoutput -v "broker cfg for poller test;1;retry_interval;5'"
```
